1. Shield
2. Sword
3. Bow
4. Staff
5. Teleport blink generator
6. Charging (something)
7. super shield which blocks everything( could have a count to how many, or just block everything)
8. Gun
9. Laser
10. Teleport that telports you a short distance randomly
11. Blow dart
12. Roll/Charge item (you are invul during the roll, maybe a ms or 2 after)
13. Super boomerang weapon, shoots out 5 
14. Cloak
15. Temporary speed boost
16. Gun that slows down enemies
17. Gun with other debuffs
18. Trap or grenade which when activated slows enemies in it's radius
19. Pet which picks up items for you
20. rare item that adds one hp to your max
21. Placeable turret or drone
22. Item which resurects you if you die at some cost (maybe you lose half of your items, or no items, but you can only carry one at a time)
23. passive item (or active weapon) which gives you more a.o.e. damage
24. A circle appears around the player which does damage (like a sword weapon)
25. A passive which makes a circle around you which damages enemies slowly.
26. Orbs which circle you and can take damage if projectile hits orbs or can be used to damage enemies
(when it levels up, if you shoot through it, then your shot is stronger)
27. Mirror item, which reflects all shots for n shots and then shatters
28. Doppelganger: it makes a copy of you that aims directly behind where you aim and then dissappears for a while.
29. X-ray that allows you to see behind walls
30. A tool that allows you to see part of the map before you visit it
31. OP-item, negates all debuffs
32. An item that gives you every single debuff which is pretty much death
33. OP-item, kill everything on the map (you cannot get drops)
34. Light saber, one hit kill, 2% chance to destroy all your items when you use it
35. Terrain horder - build a giant wall around yourself and terraform the land
36. Break through weapon, basically you split the game into two(you can only play half the world)
37. Push/pull system, push mobs away, pull mobs towards you
38. Sniper, has a charge time, but one hit kill, good when combined with a shild(maybe broken)
39. Black hole creator, create black holes where mobs are pulled towards it, but you are also pulled towards it
40. Insect spawner, you can spawn insects that latch onto your enemy and slow drain their life, or something like that
41. something that makes you fly so you can avoid all terrain
