1. Environment block that can slow you when you step on them (slow enemies too)
2. Pit(insta death or some kind of debuff, dungeon, spike pit, etc)
3. Blocks which burn or freeze you / enemies
4. Slippery blocks (makes you faster or you lose control of your character) 
5. Vision inhibiting block(you step on it, and you're completely blinded and slowed)
6. Spikey Terrain (does dmg when you walk over it)
7. Poison Gas/Foggy Terrain
8. Black Hole Terrain, gravity well, something like that
9. Block that shoots you in a random direction, kinda like a random cannon
10. Cannon that shoots you a certain distance from base
11. Invulnerability block, for a certain ammount of time, then it deactivates
12. Light panel, which increase your fog of war for a certain ammount of time
13. Invisible terrain, whats blocking me is this a bug?
14. Increase enemy spawn rate, or bring more enemies into the area
15. Some kind of trap, step on it and enemies suddenly spawn around you
16. Siren 
17. Land fill where you can throw out items you don't want
18. Pokemon slide where you can go down, but you can't go back up, if you're world is bad, then gg
19. Another way to see it is if you go fast enough you are allowed to go through the pokemon slide
20. Rough terrain that includes a bunch of these attributes
21. Sliding system where it just takes you somewhere, could be progressive or dead
22. Labels for the areas
23. Possible color coded map
24. Thorn area where you're pulled in many different directions randomly
25. Regular stone, grass, mud, etc where you can walk normally
26. Quicksand type mechanic
27. Land of thunder, where thunder randomly tries to kill you
28. Land of sweet sugar, gives you buffs while in that zone, randomly
29. Land of random, just random you could either become the best player, or alt + f4
30. Tall grass terrain, land where your vision is very limited, but enemies have full vision
31. Hidden abandoned town, maybe some kind of special equips are there
32. Logic gate gate/door, you correctly solve the puzzle to open the gate/door
33. Flat land of nothing, nothing there, a chill zone, rest before you fight off hordes of monsters
34. Growing forest, similar to the tree of growth monster, there are certain trees that just grow around the area, and you have to be a gardener to get through
35.  
